All right.
Welcome back my students.
So in the last lecture we were able to register a user and even do a lot of the volume which will help
us in the future.
I'm pretty sure it will help a lot of you.
But anyway now that we are registering the user it will be fun to display a really nice message and
maybe redirect the user to the index page or something like that.
Right.
But at the same time it will be fun to send the user some type of e-mail with a link that they could
click on.
And that way they can activate their account.
Right.
Because right now this user is not active as you can see right now is zero.
If they become if we put a one here we can indicate that they are active and that we can test against
that later.
All right.
Now what I want to do is fix this register and then redirect to the home page or something like that.
So let's go and do that real quick.
So if this function is true right what I want to do is I want to set a special some type of message.
Let's do it right here.
So this function is true.
We're going to set a message.
We're going to use our custom functions that we created.
And we're just going to put a paragraph in here and we can do that.
And let's set a class A Bushra class saying something like B.G. success which is a green color a green
background B.G. means background.
And then we can say Ted center goes to center that element that's right this is where predefined classes
and bootstrapped.
And we can say something like please please check your spam folder.
Email spam for other Please take your email.
Check your e-mail
for spam folder for an activation link.
All right activation no activation activation and then semicolon.
All right.
So once we send a message we can redirect then we can use our custom function as well to redirect to
our indexed BHB array beautiful.
We don't need this here and after we do that to show this in the that BHB we need to go to the end it's
that BHB and use function here somewhere.
All right.
So right here in Germany in the Jumbotron.
I'm going to put a BHB taxing year and get an echo display message.
Actually I don't think I have to echo anything.
I just got a poor display message going to check that in a minute right now.
Let's go to functions that BHB all the way to the top.
Yeah we don't have to put anything.
All right.
So let's registar another user let's have some more fun with our registration form.
Let's refresh and let's register another user.
What we're going to call these user Joe.
That's easy right.
Joe Joe Doe.
And then is user names going to be Joe's.
Joe one e-mail Joe at gmail dot com password 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 and 4 register.
Please check your email or spouse for the activation link.
Isn't that beautiful right.
That's beautiful if we refresh here.
That message is gone.
All right.
Of course you might want to display your new home page somewhere else.
This is just the way I'm doing it here.
You can display this message somewhere else right here above.
All right.
I just wanted to show you how this can be done right.
But anyway.
Beautiful right.
All right let's go to register functionality here functions at BHB.
All right.
So let's go all the way down what are we missing here.
Raised on the user input in that and now we got to send a user the e-mail.
So in the next lecture we're going to build a functionality where we send the user email and the link
with the parameters that they need to click.
So that way the king Darktown can be activate he's going to be pretty fun.
Thank you so much.
And I see you in the next lecture.
Let's have some fun guys.